Detuning-∆
Frequencies that distort with a space and time that both present characteristics in 5 or 6 dimensions. Representation of programming in multiple matrices or dimensions with Scipy on GitHub.

These spatial frequencies in a galaxy generate exotic quantum fields that are not exactly quantum in their entirety.

There is something special about how the frequencies of certain types of gravitational or gravitational waves communicate.

The thing is that physical rules do not operate as we imagine under spatial frequencies coming from a given space or spatial piece. These detunings reproduce and degenerate or generate new dimensions and even worlds or subworlds where the rules of objects function in a time that is not linear and in a type of asynchronous gravity where objects move backward.

There are gigantic genomes of stars or genetic algorithms structured as trees at enormous scales, impossible to recreate on a small scale.

There are also types of fractals in extra dimensions that have rules or operate under interesting vacuum conditions.

Space has types of dimensions that they call black holes. But each type of structure in the galaxy operates at scales and with structures that are similar to something quantum and planar.

Space and time.
Gravity is different to the point that it detaches from things and behaves like a black hole itself. Gravity and time resemble quantum theory, but more is needed. Perhaps, at a more academic level, Alcubierre’s theory is interesting to apply at this point. It should be investigated.

However, there are limits where observation, academia, and mathematics or programming structures cannot reach.

These asynchronous frequencies generate gravitational portals and quantum black holes that have properties, rules, different dimensions, and fractal-like patterns. It is difficult to explain, but an image could be generated in which a small frequency oscillates, distorts with time, and a kind of gravitational distortion appears, inverting like a mirror reflecting another universe or another series of multiple algorithms. Gravity, at this point, in this specific scenario of quantum frequency distortion, is governed by laws where time functions as a kind of eternal void with the depiction of an amalgamation of components that are higher-order dimensions.

